New reference directory (#645)
temporalio/documentation: docs/system-tools/web-ui.md

![6XkjmR](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6764957/110544958-71746480-8167-11eb-8152-8d3a3eb73d4e.gif)

> - [Workflows](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/reference/glossary/#workflow) are identified by their [**Workflow ID**](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/reference/glossary/#workflow-id), which you provide when creating the workflow. They also have a **Name** which is directly taken from your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Workflows](/docs/content/what-is-a-workflow) are identified by their [**Workflow ID**](/docs/content/what-is-a-workflow-id), which you provide when creating the workflow. They also have a **Name** which is directly taken from your code.
```
Should the Workflows link instead be [Workflow Executions](/docs/content/what-is-a-workflow-execution)?

Author: Ya, this whole paragraph is full of ambiguity.

- Workflow **Status** is usually in one of a few states: Running, Completed, or Terminated, with **Start Time** and **End Time** shown accordingly.
- Workflow ID's are are distinct from **Run ID's**, which uniquely identify one of potentially many Runs of Workflows with the same Workflow ID.

> > Tip: Don't confuse Runs with [Workflow Executions](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/reference/glossary/#workflow-execution) - they are similar, but a long-running Workflow Execution can have multiple Runs. A Run is the atomic unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Tip: Don't confuse Runs with [Workflow Executions](/docs/content/what-is-a-workflow-execution)—they are similar, but a long-running Workflow Execution can have multiple Runs. A Run is the atomic unit.
```

Author: Oh man, I hadn't noticed this before, but this message is super contradictory.
